Minigame translations, textures (#6)
ImaterialC/PriconneRe-TL: src/BepInEx/Translation/en/Text/GuildHouse/Game Table/Word Link Dragons.txt

---Alphabet Clash - Word Link Dragons---
---Description---

> 白熱バトル！\nドラゴンズネスト流\nタイマン式頭脳しりとり！=An intense battle, Dragons' Nest style! Honor your mind in a 1-on-1 timed shiritori game! (UNTRANSLATABLE!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
白熱バトル！\nドラゴンズネスト流\nタイマン式頭脳しりとり！=An intense battle, Dragons' Nest style! Honor your mind in a 1-on-1 timed Word Link game! (UNTRANSLATABLE!)
```

> パネルをタップしてドラゴンズ\nネストのみなさんと一緒に\nしりとり対決をしませんか？\nおしりに「ん」はご法度です。=Why not have a shiritori showdown with everyone from Dragons' Nest? (UNTRANSLATABLE!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
パネルをタップしてドラゴンズ\nネストのみなさんと一緒に\nしりとり対決をしませんか？\nおしりに「ん」はご法度です。=Why not have a Word Link showdown with everyone from Dragons' Nest? (UNTRANSLATABLE!)
```
